Walk into an album which will in this course.
Symbols.
So what are its symbols some can be counted.
2d part of metaprogramming programming tools introduced by Year 6.
Among some of the refl. and proxy API which you will learn later in this course.
So symbols basically are a new primitive type like number as strings or booleans.
And the main thing they do with they provide a unique identifier.
Now the interesting thing is you don't see the identifier itself.
You only have the symbol so you don't have a key like ID 5 x 5 5 10 9 Zabern or something like that
.
You only have to symbol and you know that it will represent a unique identifier.
Now why is that useful.
Well if you think about a possible use case I'm probably the most important one with symbols.
You can add properties to objects the symbol would be the key in that object of which you know that
are definitely unique and that of course has a great advantage because think of having a function which
let's say takes an object as an argument and then changes something about that object that adds a new
property.
Now theoretically depending on your code you could pass a object to that function with let's say a property
ID 5 and the function would add such an ID therefore overwriting the old one.
Now if someone wants you can make sure that that doesn't happen because you get a unique identifier
which is unique and therefore you can add it to make sure that you never overwrite anything.
Also symbols are not iterable.
That means if you loop over an object with a for loop for example you won't see the symbols as keys
.
That being said there is of course a method to access it still but it's not output in such a loop so
that our symbols theoretically.
Now let's have a look at them in code.